three children played together here just
a couple of weeks ago now there's only
two Usama and Jad lost their friend
neighbor and classmate
bashard only 13 years old they had
dreams and they had plans until an
Israeli drone strike killed him on
December the
13th I I saw his body on the ground but
couldn't recognize him when my mom told
me it was him I started crying he's my
dear friend and it was very close to
me I also cry to every time I miss him I
go on Tik Tok to watch his
videos they shared this video of Bashar
he wasn't a fan of studying they say but
loved Palestinian folk dancing swimming
and dressing
up his sister says he was killed near
their home in Janine in the north of the
occupied West Bank he was near a group
of young men Israeli forces suspected
that they are resistance Fighters but he
had nothing to do with
anything she shows us where Bashar was
standing this crater marks the
spot a quarter of Palestinian miners
killed in the occupied West Bank by
Israeli forces this year were from
ganine the numbers have increased under
Israel's attacks since October the 7th
but Israeli soldiers have been accused
of opening fire indiscriminately before
that this video shows how Israeli forces
killed 15-year-old ra on September the
19th unarmed and not posing a threat
shot in the abdomen and denied medical
attention his neighbor rushed to help
but bullets were fired in his Direction
he shows us how he tried again I covered
him with my buddy rolled over with him
my children were here they helped me
move him inside the
house he bled for 90 minutes until his
last
breath rat's mother khadra was with him
in the moments before he was
shot he was a child an innocent child he
discovered undercover Israeli agents in
the area and ran yelling that the Army
was there the UN says 2023 saw the
highest number of Palestinian children
being killed in the occupied West Bank
on record but there are no statistics on
how it's affecting those who are still
alive children who are growing up way
too soon nid Ibrahim Al jazer ganine the
occupied West
Bank make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer